Here is a booth Yeah
We will be released It is from this it is in the booth when Japan's lens is re-presented here
Because
US I think you please ask my best regards and I would like you to describe it is an overview to support Mr. or
I
This time he has announced in that area
It is already in this c class
Boo t adjustment ability f 4
This shop Negen
A full-time manual is also possible as we have paid off the ring type ultrasonic motor
We are equipped with a camera shake correction mechanism that
Out black also government mechanism is that in the form of say that 4 bullets
I think I can not give up on Canary
Well once paint this lens Well the shortest shooting distance also 1 motor
Orimashi stuck in the very image quality but I'm
There in particular, as you put a force on the composer such a place in a blur
Also that tripod is is optional this is composer Thats and lyrics Well that here.
Yes battalion and roughly the rubber customers had to reflect that tripod seat that provides
In about 10,000 yen
I am planning to prepare it Sea of ​​it by wise
I am Boone right now, but the end of May
It will continue into the future mass production scheduled for the day
Canon kelp Thank Yes please wait another symbol
This is the main spec of that 72100 f 4 or more
I would like to introduce one more lens here from the residents 28 f 4
The lens that came in, yes This lens is that
It became an opportunity for 12 to 24 needle 1-2 that I had in the popular Tokina
To be brought up to 28 mm TV by well that the telephoto side a little Well
Better
Not it will be more convenient of the game SunakiSachi branch
One here in the standard zoom or wide-angle zoom Which one
Do Oh exert hani Kaa rental car the power to Contents
I'm not sure anymore which is not pain and Dzura even after making it about three millimeters long at the age
Filter diameter is also 77 cut has released a filter diameter of Adorenzu of love
After the grunt Thank you Well it is I am planning another end of June the organization
I'm magic is going to become 12 from half 24 f 4 I and yeast the facts of health if Ne another
Mashitan will that do you think yes or no
Thank you it is here in It is this other Tokina booth
Soon to be released f 2.8 investment wide-angle zoom
11 to 16 mm here
Or 0
Recently full size has come out variously but it seems that it is here to be focused on
16 mm to 28 mm wide-angle zoom with f 2.8 hat too
This is also on display